hi everybody today I'm preparing 165 and
this is very simple and easy recipe
everybody at home loves this recipe and
it's a very authentic South Indian
recipe so first of all what I've done is
I've heated a heavy bottomed wok on a
very high flame and then I've added
about 750 grams of shelled and deviant
prawns which I earlier washed with some
turmeric powder and salt and that's the
reason the prawn color has changed to
light yellow in color but that's not an
issue the prawns are absolutely fresh
and very tasty so I've gone ahead and
also added ginger-garlic paste garam
masala powder coriander powder turmeric
powder and chili powder and I'm also
going to add a little bit of coarse salt
for the prawns to cook and I'm just
going to mix all of this and I'm going
to make sure the moisture from the
prawns has completely evaporated and yes
I did add quarter cup of water for the
prawns to cook halfway and I'm going to
make sure there is no moisture
whatsoever before I cook or I'm going to
deep fry the prawns so we need not have
any sort of moisture in the prawn so
make sure you cook this on very high
flame for five minutes and the prawns
need not cook all the way through when
it's halfway done that's more than
enough and that's all I'm looking for am
just going to place this on really high
flame and make sure the moisture from
the prawns and the water which I added
has completely evaporated as you can see
now the masala has evenly distributed
there is no moisture whatsoever I am
just going to switch it off I'm going to
allow this to cool for five minutes
before I add the other ingredients as
you see the masala has distributed
evenly in the prawns and now to this I
am just going to add five tablespoons of
corn starch adding corn starch is a must
the masala which we have added will not
it will remain intact on the
and it's not going to just wash away
when you are going to fly this so I've
also added extra chili powder and salt I
am just going to mix all of this and the
prawns and make sure everything has
distributed completely in the prawns
the reason I added extra salt is because
I have added cornstarch and the chili
powder or extra chili powder is for a
little bit of taste because the
cornstarch is definitely going to reduce
the chili taste so we need a little bit
of heat so I've added extra chili powder
and then I've gone ahead and heated our
wok with oil and I'm just going to drop
the prawn and make sure it has fried to
all sides nice and crisp this takes
about 2 minutes time and it's very
simple you can prepare this in no time
at all now the recipe in detail is on my
blog blog link will be posted in the
description box below so do look into my
blog and try this recipe out it's very
nice and very tasty so once it is fried
to one side I'm just going to go ahead
and toss it and make sure it's fried
crisp and nice to all sides I'm going to
drain it and drain it on a tissue tissue
paper before serving it then I've gone
ahead and served it garnished it with
some curry leaves onion rings and lime
wedges I hope you all liked this recipe
I will see you soon with the next recipe
till then thanks for watching